From the beginning, Jehovah has always cared about people.
Sadly, many of them have caused him great pain,
but some have made him very happy.
Jesus always made Jehovah happy.
Satan didn't like this.
He tried everything to get Jesus to do what was wrong.
If you are a son of God,
tell these stones to become loves of bread.
It is written, man must not live on bread alone.
If you are a son of God, throw yourself down.
For the angels will carry you on their hands.
So you may not strike your foot against the stone.
Prove it to them.
Again, it is written,
you must not put you over your God to the test.
See all this glory.
It is mine,
and I give it to whoever I wish.
And all these things,
if you fall down and do an act of worship to me.
Go away, Satan.
For it is written,
it is Jehovah your God, you must worship.
And it is to him alone,
you must render sacred service.
Jesus was determined to make Jehovah happy.
But this story isn't over.
This is your story, too.
Do you mean that?
Well, what you do can make Jehovah happy.
Our text this morning, Proverbs 27-11.
Do you remember what that says?
Oh, yeah.
It says,
be wise my son and make my heart rejoice.
Good memory is of you.
That scripture is talking about you.
What you do every day,
not only big things,
but also small things you do
can make his heart rejoice.
Remember today's text, children.
I know you'll make Jehovah happy.
Let's pray.
Okay, kids.
It's a pop quiz today.
Yes.
Now, Sophia,
if you ace this test,
you'll be number one in the whole class.
Number one in the whole class.
Hey, Caleb.
You want to play?
It's fun.
Get it.
He's a loser.
Let me play with it.
Are you going to play or not?
You're going to play?